src/battery.md, before:

# Battery Maintenance[^1]

## Equipment

 * iMAX B6 LiPo charger
 * Multimeter
 * 20A load[^2]
 * Thermometer (thermocouple)
 * Stopwatch
 * Hobby King Cell Meter 8 LiPo cell monitor[^3]
 * Insulation tape
 * XT60 pass-through with multimeter terminals

## Set up

 1. Set the charger to balance charger the battery at 2.2A.
 1. Set the multimeter to read DC voltage.

## Procedure

 1. Visually inspect the battery for damage such as punctures, cuts, severe bulging[^4]. Reject batteries with any damage.
 1. Visually inspect the main power and balance cables for damage such as cuts, nicks, or kinks. Reject batteries with any cable damage.
 1. Connect the battery to the charger and begin the charging program. If the charger flags up and issue with the battery the battery must be disposed of.
 1. Once charged, inspect the battery once again for bulging.
 1. Tape the thermocouple onto the side of the battery.
 1. Check that the battery is not over 30°C.
 1. Connect the cell monitor to the balance connector.
 1. Connect the XT60 pass through cable to the battery and the multimeter.
 1. Connect the 20A load to the XT60 pass through cable.
 1. Turn on the load and start the stop watch.
 1. While discharging check the following:
    a. The battery is not swelling.
    a. The temperature is less than 40°C.
    a. The multimeter voltage is above 11.1V.
    a. The cell monitor is not beeping.
 1. After 2 minutes turn off the load.
 1. Leave the battery for 30 seconds and then check the following:
    a. The battery has not swelled any more than before the test.
    a. The temperature is less than 40°C.
    a. The multimeter voltage is above ????V.
    a. The cell monitor indicates all cells are above ????V and all cells are within ????mV of each other.

[^2]: 5x 55W car headlight bulbs wired in parallel
[^3]: From Hobby King: http://hobbyking.co.uk/hobbyking/store/uh_viewItem.asp?idProduct=56455
[^4]: We define severe bulging as the battery being so inflated that the swelling is no longer squidgy. A small amount of bulge (a tiny bit of squidginess) is OK.

Commit message:

Add execution time to battery proc
Also remove need for 'XT60 pass through' thing. Just connect the
multimeter to the load before the switch.

src/battery.md, after:

# Battery Maintenance[^1]

## Equipment

 * iMAX B6 LiPo charger
 * Multimeter
 * 20A load[^2]
 * Thermometer (thermocouple)
 * Stopwatch
 * Hobby King Cell Meter 8 LiPo cell monitor[^3]
 * Insulation tape

## Set up

 1. Set the charger to balance charger the battery at 2.2A.
 1. Set the multimeter to read DC voltage.
 1. Connect the multimeter to the 20A load.

## Procedure

*Execution time*: 1h 5m per battery (1 person) or 3m per battery with parallel charging (2 people).

 1. Visually inspect the battery for damage such as punctures, cuts, severe bulging[^4]. Reject batteries with any damage.
 1. Visually inspect the main power and balance cables for damage such as cuts, nicks, or kinks. Reject batteries with any cable damage.
 1. Connect the battery to the charger and begin the charging program. If the charger flags up and issue with the battery the battery must be disposed of.
 1. Once charged, inspect the battery once again for bulging.
 1. Tape the thermocouple onto the side of the battery.
 1. Check that the battery is not over 30°C.
 1. Connect the cell monitor to the balance connector.
 1. Connect the 20A load to the main power connector.
 1. Turn on the load and start the stop watch.
 1. While discharging check the following:
    a. The battery is not swelling.
    a. The temperature is less than 40°C.
    a. The multimeter voltage is above 11.1V.
    a. The cell monitor is not beeping.
 1. After 2 minutes turn off the load.
 1. Leave the battery for 30 seconds and then check the following:
    a. The battery has not swelled any more than before the test.
    a. The temperature is less than 40°C.
    a. The multimeter voltage is above ????V.
    a. The cell monitor indicates all cells are above ????V and all cells are within ????mV of each other.

[^2]: 5x 55W car headlight bulbs wired in parallel with switch and un-switched multimeter tap
[^3]: From Hobby King: http://hobbyking.co.uk/hobbyking/store/uh_viewItem.asp?idProduct=56455
[^4]: We define severe bulging as the battery being so inflated that the swelling is no longer squidgy. A small amount of bulge (a tiny bit of squidginess) is OK.
